# Contributor Roles

If you want to work on Armeria, you will fall into one of two roles. These roles
are either **Core Contributor** or **External Contributor**. These cover _any_
type of contribution and are not just limited to code-based contributions.

## External Contributor

An external contributor is anyone who's even remotely interested in working on
Armeria. They can contribute to just about anything: code, documentation, story,
etc. When working on code, they will maintain a forked version of Armeria and
create pull requests as they work on features. They will _not_ have a privileged
character (and therefore not have the ability to work on in-game content) within
the production version of Armeria.

## Core Contributor

A core contributor is someone who is deeply invested in the development of
Armeria. This person will need to help maintain the code base (if they want to
help with code), be involved with game decisions, feature planning, and testing.
They may also be given a privileged character on the production version of
Armeria to help with in-game content (ie: building areas) and help maintain the
community as a whole. This person will likely be added as a contributor to the
main repo as well, so you won't have to work out of a forked version.

### How do I become a core contributor?

First and foremost, this game is open-source and can be ran locally with an
abundance of example data. Anyone can contribute to the game, so long as you
adhere to the [License](../LICENSE), [Contributing](docs/contributing.md), and
[Code of Conduct](docs/code-of-conduct.md) docs. If you would like to have a
deeper involvement with the development of Armeria and/or would like to help
with building in-game content, you can join our community Discord and let us
know!

### Will all core contributors be given a priviledged character?

Generally speaking, yes, you will be given a priviledged character so that you
can help curate in-game content and help maintain the community both inside and
outside of the game. However, if you have no desire to help in-game and want to
help purely from a code standpoint, that is fine as well!